vox/player/human.xml : TDMP Models/Human
vox/player/human_ragdoll.xml : TDMP Models/Human Ragdoll

vox/player/astronaut.xml : TDMP Models/Astronaut
vox/player/astronaut_ragdoll.xml : TDMP Models/Astronaut Ragdoll

vox/player/bluewhiteshirt.xml : TDMP Models/Blue shirt guy
vox/player/bluewhiteshirt_ragdoll.xml : TDMP Models/Blue shirt guy Ragdoll

vox/player/bussiness.xml : TDMP Models/Bussiness Man
vox/player/bussiness_ragdoll.xml : TDMP Models/Bussiness Man Ragdoll

vox/player/chaos.xml : TDMP Models/Chaos
vox/player/chaos_ragdoll.xml : TDMP Models/Chaos Ragdoll

vox/player/fancy.xml : TDMP Models/Fancy
vox/player/fancy_ragdoll.xml : TDMP Models/Fancy Ragdoll

vox/player/james.xml : TDMP Models/James
vox/player/james_ragdoll.xml : TDMP Models/James Ragdoll

vox/player/jeremy.xml : TDMP Models/Jeremy
vox/player/jeremy_ragdoll.xml : TDMP Models/Jeremy Ragdoll

vox/player/mclockellesemployee.xml : TDMP Models/Mclockelles employee
vox/player/mclockellesemployee_ragdoll.xml : TDMP Models/Mclockelles employee Ragdoll

vox/player/revamped.xml : TDMP Models/Human Revamped
vox/player/revamped_ragdoll.xml : TDMP Models/Human Revamped Ragdoll

vox/player/richard.xml : TDMP Models/Richard
vox/player/richard_ragdoll.xml : TDMP Models/Richard Ragdoll

vox/player/scientist.xml : TDMP Models/Scientist
vox/player/scientist_ragdoll.xml : TDMP Models/Scientist Ragdoll

vox/player/swedish_police2.xml : TDMP Models/Swedish Police
vox/player/swedish_police2_ragdoll.xml : TDMP Models/Swedish Police Ragdoll

vox/player/whiteshirt_tie.xml : TDMP Models/Office worker 1
vox/player/whiteshirt_tie_ragdoll.xml : TDMP Models/Office worker 1 Ragdoll

vox/player/whiteshirt_tie2.xml : TDMP Models/Office worker 2
vox/player/whiteshirt_tie2_ragdoll.xml : TDMP Models/Office worker 2 Ragdoll

vox/player/omori.xml : TDMP Models/Omori
vox/player/omori_ragdoll.xml : TDMP Models/Omori Ragdoll

vox/player/aubrey.xml : TDMP Models/Aubrey
vox/player/aubrey_ragdoll.xml : TDMP Models/Aubrey Ragdoll

vox/player/hero.xml : TDMP Models/Hero
vox/player/hero_ragdoll.xml : TDMP Models/Hero Ragdoll

vox/player/kel.xml : TDMP Models/Kel
vox/player/kel_ragdoll.xml : TDMP Models/Kel Ragdoll

vox/player/basil.xml : TDMP Models/Basil
vox/player/basil_ragdoll.xml : TDMP Models/Basil Ragdoll

vox/player/mari.xml : TDMP Models/Mari
vox/player/mari_ragdoll.xml : TDMP Models/Mari Ragdoll

vox/player/sunny.xml : TDMP Models/Sunny
vox/player/sunny_ragdoll.xml : TDMP Models/Sunny Ragdoll